do we have neil play
yes
all right
okay
um
right
[Music]
you introduce yourself
i will i'm just sort of making sure the
strings are all there yeah maybe
[Music]
aunt magdalene
look stall
and uh
and so
he
we just became very very good friends
and uh
he used to have a flat
but uh
but over that was almost overlooked what
they call the canopy in portobello
and um
he got to know us and sometimes we'd be
the last bat last night he'd be the last
bookstore
the last book stole last stop packing up
uh under this big tent and he'd say you
hungry and then um he'd call up but uh
he'd call up
they deliver chinese food and he'd bring
over his best crockery and we'd take out
a table and we'd sit around a table with
a half dismantle stall
and um
and share food um that's
you know that's david you know it was
just it was spontaneous and he was a
regular visitor
he'd bring his take away food and uh
have a look and we'd see he'd look for
treasures on the stool
and you know you get to know
aspects of people through their through
books and uh
as i said i've always felt that um one
of the that sherlock holmes featured
very heavily with david
the um the joy of discovery and finding
his own way of discovering stuff so uh
yes so um
yeah it's like it's it's well we're
covered now but um
we'd expect when david was in town for
him to be walked through maybe a couple
of times in a day and uh
you know and he'd uh
give a few get we had a always had a few
jobs on the store
so uh david was david was a good friend
lovely friend and neighbor he said uh
he adopted myself on magdalen who's very
shy on the camera to be his uh
adopted parents in the neighborhood so
it was just a great honor i mean i'm not
that much older than david but
i don't know what about anyway so david
was
david was a really good friend and uh we
loved him dearly and uh
like uh you think of all the time you
know
oh david he'd like that you know it's
like those moments you know there's this
instance i mean
when those people are alive for those
those instances we can they're
completely alive oh david like that you
know just it's sort of
he's still you know obviously david
resonates in so many ways with all of us
and the way we look at things and think
well what would david do how would he
um do that anyway so anyway i did this
in the song um
i just um
[Music]
i dedicate this song which is a song for
heroes which is uh
which is uh
you know it was i i've said this before
about this song i did it before
and that david you never wanted to be
out front taking all the credit he'd
want to be
he'd want to be in the group all these
other people yeah well i did this but i
wrote that word of 99 and then somebody
else wrote percent whatever it was so
anyway this is a
song for heroes
this is a song for he
rose
no medals none
[Music]
the queen goes
this is the song
for
heroes
[Music]
song for those
as yet
unsung
as those for whom
[Music]
sacrifice
what they do and they
don't
think twice
[Music]
are even once let's be
precise
[Music]
for those who do
what won't
[Music]
get done
[Applause]
[Music]
this is a song for heroes
this is a song for
[Music]
no one else does
this is the song for
heroes
those who do
what
can be done
[Music]
those for whom
a selfless fight
[Music]
it's what they do and they don't think
twice
are even once let's be
precise
[Music]
oh one last
no more
unsung
[Music]
this is a song for heroes
this is a song for
heroes
[Music]
freedom song
carefree
[Music]
yeah there we go
care freedom song care freedom is well
david care freedom
yeah freedom is exactly the motto of our
museum of care which is organizing this
event today actually neil uh it's
fantastic because one of the people
who's here anka
ten years ago she made it yeah
and you're kind of a fan
nationally so
that's i i haven't been to london in
many many years and that's how i know of
you
famous character
internationally interdimensionally yeah
well i don't know about international
yeah but no she did a very she it was a
very uh it's funny about
that yeah that was the film because at
the time it's like
uh
i couldn't
i i can't i couldn't really absorb it it
was a bit too close it's like when you
record a song or something you can't you
need some distance but years later you
see anything oh goodness you know that's
the way
life used to be and um
[Music]
uh
you know some it was sundays i want to
think about sundays you know now
sundays
uh
no anyway you know the way things are
each day becomes like sunday because it
sounds like sunday anyway and that's
what we used to do on sunday in the
market that was that's almost before
david was
in the hood he was around that was you
know good for anchor
people like it was nice
i gave the film around and people it was
nice to remind people of the old days
very old days you know
so
yes hopefully we will
go back to meeting every sunday very
soon so now yeah absolutely